Good morning, family. I am so excited to be here with you today.
This is how it went, the first of the vision: I was praying in the spirit, and the Lord took me up into the spirit and he showed me all this stuff, what’s coming.
I wanted to start it out like this: there was a massive python.
This thing was, of course, in the spirit realm whenever this was happening, but it had copper spots all on its back.
On the outer lining of the spot, there was black, so it was a copper-looking color, like a really red-dirt kind of color, then it went to black around it.
The snake was like a normal python, but there were different shades all over it.
It had its mouth open, which I thought was interesting because it was in a strike position.
When it went over Louisiana, up through Arkansas and Missouri, and wrapped around America, it pulled tight. Then the Lord showed me President Biden.
President Biden was standing in the Oval Office, looking out where Marine One, the helicopter, goes right there in the front.
He was looking out the window, and he was in a daze. He had brain fog really bad is what I could see.
His eyes were kind of glassy and he was just staring, looking out over the yard.
Then this is very interesting: I could see seasons come before him as he's looking.
I could see fall; there were trees in the front and I could see the leaves change.
Then I could see snow falling, I could see spring come again and the trees were budding out, then I could see the summer and the full leafing of the trees.
It was all in this vision that I’m looking into the spirit; I could just see the trees and the seasons change in front of him, and he’s just staring in one place, looking out the window in a daze, always looking out this window.
So the Lord showed this to me. Then the Lord showed me another snake, but this snake, of course, is not as big as the one that came out of the Gulf of Mexico.
This one was wrapped around his whole entire body and it was thick. It was a humongous, thick-looking snake, and it was black.
It was wrapped around his mind and it was turned and speaking into his ear, whispering.
I could see the snake's forked tongue speaking into his ear.
He was trying to control this snake; it was giving him a source of power, it was a demonic influence, but he thought he was controlling the snake, but the snake was controlling him.
The only way I could try to give you a picture—remember in The Jungle Book, the Disney cartoon, that snake that would try to use his eyes to do hypnosis on Mowgli, the little boy?
It was trying to control him through brain control. This snake was controlling the president's mind through a demonic influence because it was demonic.
Then I see behind that snake and I see one of our old presidents, and he was dressed in solid black.
Then I see another person, who was a white man, and I do not know who this was, but he was taller, a tall individual, and he was heavy; he looked almost like he was overweight.
Then I saw a shorter person, and I believe this was a female. You can know who she is: that was an ex-president's wife, and she ran for president also at one time and she lost.
I saw these people—there were three individuals and they were influencing.
The Lord showed me as I was praying over this: there was darkness right here.
I had a standing front man or front woman, and they had an earpiece in.
I was just in my basement in my sweats looking through the stuff, and then I could sort of deliver the lines, but somebody else was doing all the talking and ceremony.
I'd be fine with that. Now the Lord took me in the vision and he showed me New York City. I saw these two buildings standing by themselves.
All of a sudden those buildings went, and I saw how I know it wasn't like 9/11 because this was coming from the inside out.
I could see fire, I could see smoke, I could see the pressure from the blast coming out of the glass windows, and it went all the way down.
All of a sudden these massive buildings started falling. I could see them all fall and I could see the smoke and all the debris; it looked like cauliflower going all throughout the air.
If you could remember back in 9/11 whenever that all happened, how those fell, that's what that looked like.
I could see two buildings for sure, maybe a third one; I believe there were three buildings that were involved altogether.
When this happened, it shot debris everywhere. Whenever I was taken out in the spirit and I was hovering above, I could see all the states.
I told you there was like a gray film all over from Arkansas over; it looked similar to fallout, like soot.
I don't know, but it was thick, almost like a substance like ash.
That's the only way I can tell you: it looked like ash. There was gray ash on those states.
That's how I'm going to describe it. I don't know how else, because it seemed lumpy, like fireplace ash on those states.
It was all from Arkansas over that I saw this. Then I could see a humongous mushroom cloud out of New York.
I don't know what that was, but it didn't have anything to do with this; these were two separate things the Lord was showing me at this time.
I could see those buildings that were completely gone, and I believe I know which buildings they are, but I’m never going to say something prophetically that I've seen and just guess.
I saw these buildings, and I believe it causes a complete shutdown of our economy, a shutdown of everything, because we're attacked within.
There was something inside of them to cause the pressure to go off. Now the Lord tells me to focus and he shows me two men.
I saw a man that I believe is the president of a country, and I saw another president of a country—prime minister, I think—and they were participating in a homosexual relationship.
He was painting his face, he had lipstick on, he had this blue underneath his eyes, and he was dressed similar to a clown, which I don't understand, I'm just telling you what I saw.
But these two men—one from overseas and one not too far from here—were engaging in a relationship.
I thought that was very strange. Now I'm going to go to what I heard from the Spirit of the Lord.
He started saying, 'The king from the north and the kings from the east are devising a plan against the United States.'I saw Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping having a meeting in Saudi Arabia for the BRICS nations.
I saw the man that's over Saudi Arabia, the prince of Saudi Arabia; he started devising a plan, and it was all his idea.
The Lord was showing me this was his idea. He said, 'I will put America under my boot,'and I saw the heel of a boot.
I saw him put his heel down on America, devising a plan against us because he could not stand Joe Biden.
Then I could see Joe Biden, and there was no leadership over America; it was vulnerable because of no leadership.
That's when I saw the antichrist spirit and I saw the dark cloud that had lightning all in it.
It was fierce lightning. The Lord said, 'Who will stand for America?
Who will stand in the gap for America and intercede?'That's when the Lord showed me Jesus standing over America pleading for the people to intercede for America because of what was coming.
I could see the antichrist agenda was getting ready to hover and come over America even greater because there was no leadership over America.
I could see the covering that was over America; it was almost like we were a sitting duck.
It was vulnerable. Then the Lord took me in the spirit and I saw Israel and Syria.
I could see Iran devising a plan, and they were communicating with Syria and they were sending stuff secretly to Syria.
I saw men coming out of Syria that looked like ants; there were so many men coming out of Syria, marching in a line like soldiers marching. But they looked like ants, and I could see they were red.
That was very interesting—I don't understand that—but these men were red and they had their guns and they were marching against Israel.
There were so many of them that they were all in single-file lines going at Israel.
I saw a great war breaking out in Israel, coming out of Syria.
This attack was so—I saw stress on Benjamin Netanyahu, and that's when the Lord said, 'Pray for Israel, pray for the peace of Jerusalem.'I saw Benjamin Netanyahu—he wasn't worried, but I could see he was sweating a little bit, like he was concerned that this is going to be a major ordeal.
This isn't just a couple of rockets shooting in; this is an all-out war. Now I'm going to go back to what I saw in Saudi Arabia.
I could see this prince of Saudi Arabia saying, 'I'm going to put my boot down on America.'He had a plan because he was against Joe Biden.
I could see him devising a plan with Russia and China and they were making the currency for the BRICS nations, and they were going to destroy the dollar.
Suddenly I saw it was like one of those Chinese fans, those paper fans; it fanned out and it came up out of Saudi Arabia and it went across the Middle East.
It went over Iraq, over every single country there, Jordan, all of it, and it fanned out.
The influence was for all of them to join together as one. I could see the influence and it kept going.
Not only did it do that, it touched down—like those Indiana Jones movies when he goes place to place and you can see the influence of where he was on the map.
It went boom and touched down all over Africa; the whole continent of Africa, it covered it. Then from there, it went over Turkey and over Europe.
But this is what I thought was interesting: when it came to Germany, Germany was double-minded.
They had a double-minded standard in this and I could see them trying to play both sides, not to be influenced by this. I saw them talking to France.
This was really interesting: I saw a man and his eyes were kind of slanted, evil, in Germany, and he was talking to France and he was trying to be sneaky.
The France leader started talking to Great Britain, but France did not want to join it; they did not want to join all that was going on.
They wanted to be set apart with Germany. In all of Europe, the only people that were pointed out were Germany, France, and Great Britain.
Great Britain was trying to stand on its own, but it was trying to be an ally to America still.
Then the Lord took me in the spirit to New Zealand and Australia, and I could see all of Australia; they were trying to be an ally to America again and they were still standing, but it was like America was very wounded.
That's what I was trying to tell you all about the digital platform, the digital dollar, the jubilee.
All the banks seized all the money; there was a complete bankruptcy over the United States currency, and all of a sudden they created a new digital platform, a new digital currency to try to do something new.
All of what we had before was completely gone. People were doing gardens, people were doing community things trying to rally together.
It was a lot like old pictures from the 1920s during the Great Depression.
Then I saw the light from Africa, when it went over Europe, I saw it go to South America.
I saw Venezuela and I saw the leader—he had slick black hair and he was a heavy-set guy, an evil man.
I saw him go along beside Saudi Arabia, trying to buddy up to take down America.
I saw that, but Mexico—the leadership of Mexico was just in a daze, confused, like they didn't have a backbone.
They wanted to side with America, but they just wanted to be where the money's at, where there's leadership.
There was no backbone in this; they were just in limbo trying to follow along.
This was all flashes of everything the Lord was showing me, and it was coming at me so fast, warning me of all the stuff that was being planned and plotted against us.
I just kept hearing the Lord: 'Who will stand in the gap? Who will intercede for America and what's trying to come?'He was trying to give us more time for people to prepare.
There's some of this stuff I know that we cannot stop. I know there is a shaking coming.
He warned me about the shaking; he told me there would be 350 million people go home.
I've seen these numbers; the Lord has told me that we can prepare, we can intercede, we can stop things.
I get that because we have authority in this earth, but there's some things that are part of the birthing pains, part of the process.
I know this: the United States as a whole, as it is right now, is in the way of the new world agenda and what they're trying to do with the world currency, trying to bring forth the Beast system, the mark of the beast system.
When you have a superpower that's in the way, you have to remove that power because they have an agenda.
Satan has an agenda. I hope this helped you. Let's just pray right now for America before we end this video.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus, we stand in the gap for America and we bind these demonic spirits that I saw over the Atlantic.
I thank you, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, that we have authority over the antichrist agenda.
You showed me a lot tonight, Lord, and I stand in the gap for America. We plead the blood of Jesus over this great nation.
When you showed me our president standing in the Oval Office with that demonic spirit wrapped around him, we take authority over that spirit right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that you're sending your warring angels to war on behalf of us. Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over our leadership.
We pray over our President, over his wife, the Vice President, the Senate and the House, the judges, and the people who are in authority.
We cover this nation in the name of Jesus, that we would have a great revival still; that Father, you're not done with America yet and there will be a great harvest of souls.
We call in your warring angels to war on our behalf right now in the name of Jesus.
From the north, south, east, and west, I call those angels to come in and protect and give us wisdom.
Holy Spirit, we ask for wisdom. We're asking, Father, that our eyes of understanding would be enlightened.
I thank you, Lord, that our eyes are flooded with light today.
We bind the spirit of fear; we're not tormented by fear in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over our minds and our spiritual eyes, Father, that we're not deceived by familiar spirits.
We hear your voice and the stranger's voice we will not follow. We are led by the spirit of God.
I thank you, Lord, that the Holy Ghost would rise up inside of us with great boldness and authority to do the things that you called us to do.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that would try to come in and destroy us anymore.
I thank you, Lord, that our dollar would stay strong, Father, that we’d be able to get what you need to get done, done in Jesus'name.
Oh God, we take authority over the plots and the attacks that I saw—any kind of terrorist attacks or demonic attacks.
We bind your maneuvering in the name of Jesus. We plead the blood of Jesus over our nations and over our cities.
I thank you, Lord, that you protect us and show us the way to go, Father, what we're supposed to do to be like Joseph—to either put stuff back, to get water, or to relocate.
We thank you for the prophetic leading, we thank you, Lord, for warning us of the things to come. We thank you, Lord, that we're not caught off guard.
Father, I thank you that I have ears to hear and a heart to receive what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
I thank you, Lord, that you're guiding me over this YouTube channel and you tell me what I can warn these people about.
I plead the blood over the subscribers and the people who watch these videos.
They are a blessing to me, and I put the anointing of the Holy Ghost on them in Jesus'name.
They're not bound by demonic spirits; they're set free by the power of the blood of Jesus.
We rise up and pray and we decree a thing: the plot against Israel and the things you showed me tonight.
I pray for the peace of Jerusalem, I pray for the covering of Netanyahu, and I cover him in the blood.
I cover the leadership of Israel and those people right now in the name of Jesus.
They're the apple of your eye. I saw things coming out of Syria tonight. Oh God, have mercy.
I thank you that you waken up the people and shown them the plots of the wicked, that demonic principality that's over Iran.
We bind it in Jesus'name. We plead the blood of Jesus over Israel.
There's going to be a covering and a wall of defense by the power of the blood of Jesus.
There's a shaking coming, Lord, but the people would know you in Israel.
I thank you, Lord, for revelation knowledge; they would have a revelation of Jesus Christ as their Savior.
Oh man, the crashing of the dollar, oil going over $200 a barrel, the things you showed me about the plots of the wicked.
Oh God, have mercy. Give us wisdom, Lord, on what we're supposed to do for our families.
Thank you, Jesus. Some of this stuff I have seen tonight is so heavy.
Oh Lord, have mercy. I hope this video wakes you up to realize what's going on.
It made sense as an intercessor; the Lord is warning me about the enemy's plans.
Please wake up, please listen, get your home right, and get out of sin. You've got to be more serious.
You can't keep living in a compromising state and thinking, 'Well, I'll just walk this line.'You either are hot or you're cold, but there's no lukewarm, because he said he'd spew you out of his mouth if you're lukewarm.
Stop playing church. It's time to get serious. It's time to either walk in the glory and the fire and in his anointing, or you just go and be in the devil's crowd.
Quit playing with grace and mercy, acting like it's okay. It's not okay.
Stop walking the line; come over to the Kingdom where he loves you. Be on fire for Jesus.
He loves you and has mercy for you, but you want to be in the world and you keep teeter-tottering back and forth.
You say, 'I want to dip in the world stuff and the glory stuff,'but you stay there because you like the world stuff, though you know Jesus keeps you from going to hell.
Seed-time and harvest is speeding up, and if you're walking in compromise, it can cost you your life or your finances because you're playing in the devil's ground. You have to stop this.
There is a dividing line coming like never before, and I hope you're hearing me because you're going to start seeing manifestations because seed-time and harvest is being accelerated.
Thank you for watching this video. I really appreciate all the support.
Thank you for being here today and praying for America. Jesus loves you so much and we'll see you next time right here. Bye-bye.